faq: update mysql8 client fail to connect tidb (#2753)
pingcap/docs: faq/tidb-faq.md

Currently, TiDB supports the majority of MySQL 5.7 syntax, but does not support trigger, stored procedures, user-defined functions, and foreign keys. For more details, see [Compatibility with MySQL](/mysql-compatibility.md).

> When using the MySQL 8.0 client, if it fails to connect to TiDB, try to add the `default-auth` and `default-character-set` options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the MySQL 8.0 client and it fails to connect to TiDB, try to add the `default-auth` and `default-character-set` options:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

mysql -h 127.0.0.1 -u root -P 4000 --default-auth=mysql_native_password --default-character-set=utf8
```

> This problem is caused by charset and [authentication scheme related compatibility](/security-compatibility-with-mysql.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem occurs because MySQL 8.0 changes the [password encryption](/security-compatibility-with-mysql.md) default in MySQL 5.7. To solve this problem, you need to add the options above to specify using the old encryption method.
```

Reviewer 2: Small nit: s/password encyption/authentication plugin/

This is the mysql terminology for it. It is useful to keep it the same because encryption is ambiguous (over the wire, at rest etc).

Reviewer: @tiancaiamao PTAL
